Page 1 of 10
l C
[Name of Principle Investigator]
Informed Consent form for patient.
This Informed Consent Form is for men and women who attend clinic Epicura Hornu and who we are
inviting to participate in research on adjunctive system to increase oxygenation.
The title of our research project is: addition effect of the double trunk mask above nasal prongs for
high flow oxygenation during acute respiratory syndrome
You may provide the following information either as a running paragraph or under headings as shown
below.
Name of Principal Investigator Duprez Frédéric
[Name of Organization: Condorcet Epicura
This Informed Consent Form has two parts:
• Information Sheet (to share information about the research with you)
• Certificate of Consent (for signatures if you agree to take part)
You will be given a copy of the full Informed Consent Form
PART I: Information Sheet
Introduction
I am Frédéric Duprez, working for the Epicura ICU. We are doing research on hypoxia, which is very
common in this country. I am going to give you information and invite you to be part of this research.
You do not have to decide today whether or not you will participate in the research. Before you decide,
you can talk to anyone you feel comfortable with about the research.
There may be some words that you do not understand. Please ask me to stop as we go through the
information and I will take time to explain. If you have questions later, you can ask them of me, the study
doctor or the staff.)
Epicura Hornu
Informed Consent 
Page 2 of 10
Purpose of the research
Hypoxia is one of the most common symptom in ICU. High flow oxygen (HFO) therapy is a new device
to administer oxygen and decrease hypoxia. However, this device is not always effective because, in
some cases of dyspnea, the higher inspiratory flow introduces air room in your airways, which will
decrease fraction delivered in oxygen. Double trunk mask (DTM) is a mask of our conception. It's an
oxygen reservoir which fills up oxygen during expiratory phase. The reason we are doing this research is
to compare DTM with classical HFO.
